Update validator voting proposals (#229)
ConsenSys/doc.goquorum: docs/configure-and-manage/configure/consensus-protocols/ibft.md

Before inserting a block onto the chain, a super-majority (greater than 66%) of validators must first sign the block.

Existing validators propose and vote to [add or remove validators](../../../tutorials/private-network/adding-removing-ibft-validators.md).

> Adding or removing a validator requires a majority vote (greater than 50%) of validators. Voting takes place on chain (in the block header) your network must be producing blocks to be able to vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding or removing a validator requires a majority vote (greater than 50%) of validators. Voting takes place on chain (in the block header), so your network must produce blocks to be able to vote.
```

Should we add the same info to the QBFT page?
